Update configure-custom-container.md (#91606)
Azure/azure-content: articles/app-service/configure-custom-container.md

When persistent storage is disabled, then writes to the `/home` directory are not persisted across app restarts or across multiple instances. When persistent storage is enabled, all writes to the `/home` directory are persisted and can be accessed by all instances of a scaled-out app. Additionally, any contents inside the `/home` directory of the container are overwritten by any existing files already present on the persistent storage when the container starts.

The only exception is the `/home/LogFiles` directory, which is used to store the container and application logs. This folder will always persist upon app restarts if [application logging is enabled](troubleshoot-diagnostic-logs.md#enable-application-logging-linuxcontainer) with the **File System** option, independently of the persistent storage being enabled or disabled. In other words, enabling or disabling the persistent storage will not affect the application logging behavior.

> It is recommended to write data to `/home` or a [mounted azure storage path](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/app-service/configure-connect-to-azure-storage?tabs=portal&pivots=container-linux). Data written outside these paths will not be persistent during restarts and will be saved to platform-managed host disk space separate from the App Service Plans file storage quota.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to write data to `/home` or a [mounted azure storage path](configure-connect-to-azure-storage.md?tabs=portal&pivots=container-linux). Data written outside these paths will not be persistent during restarts and will be saved to platform-managed host disk space separate from the App Service Plans file storage quota.
```
Changing FQDN to relative link
